README.md, before:

# Async Airtable

[![YourActionName Actions Status](https://github.com/gv14982/async-airtable/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gv14982/async-airtable/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/GV14982/async-airtable/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/GV14982/async-airtable?branch=master)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

AsyncAirtable is a lightweight npm package to handle working with the [Airtable API](https://airtable.com/api).

They have an existing library, but it is callback based and can get a little klunky at times, so I wrote this one that is promise based to make your life easier 😊.

## Requirements

- NodeJS
- npm

## Installation

```
npm install asyncairtable
```

## Usage

```javascript
const AsyncAirtable = require('async-airtable');
const asyncAirtable = new AsyncAirtable(API_KEY, BASE_ID);

asyncAirtable.select(TABLE_NAME, { ...OPTS }, PAGE_NUM);
asyncAirtable.find(TABLE_NAME, RECORD_ID);
asyncAirtable.createRecord(TABLE_NAME, { ...FIELDS });
asyncAirtable.updateRecord(TABLE_NAME, { RECORD_ID, ...FIELDS });
asyncAirtable.deleteRecord(TABLE_NAME, RECORD_ID);
asyncAirtable.bulkCreate(TABLE_NAME, [
  { ...FIELDS },
  { ...FIELDS },
  { ...FIELDS },
]);
asyncAirtable.bulkUpdate(TABLE_NAME, [
  { RECORD_ID, ...FIELDS },
  { RECORD_ID, ...FIELDS },
]);
asyncAirtable.bulkDelete(TABLE_NAME, [
  RECORD_ID,
  RECORD_ID,
  RECORD_ID,
  RECORD_ID,
]);
```

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

✅ Way too many changes for one commit, but hey, whatever 🤷‍♂️
✅ Added global setup and teardown files to seed and clear table.
✅ Edited the tests to be more consistent.
🔧 Added the testData seed file and base.csv file.
👷‍♂️Updated build scripts to use update env info.
📝 Updated README to reflect changes and guide people to setup their airtable.
🔧 Slimmed down .env file.
✅ FINALLY GOT 100% BRANCH COVERAGE. See change in asyncAirtable for that.

README.md, after:

# Async Airtable

[![YourActionName Actions Status](https://github.com/gv14982/async-airtable/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gv14982/async-airtable/actions)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/GV14982/async-airtable/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/GV14982/async-airtable?branch=master)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

AsyncAirtable is a lightweight npm package to handle working with the [Airtable API](https://airtable.com/api).

They have an existing library, but it is callback based and can get a little klunky at times, so I wrote this one that is promise based to make your life easier 😊.

## Requirements

- NodeJS
- npm
- [Airtable account](https://airtable.com/signup) and an [API key](https://support.airtable.com/hc/en-us/articles/219046777-How-do-I-get-my-API-key-)

## Setup

- Head on over to Airtable and [create a new base](https://support.airtable.com/hc/en-us/articles/202579399-Creating-a-new-base-via-CSV-spreadsheet-import) using the base.csv file from this repo.

- Then make sure to set the _value_ column to **number** and the _email_ column to **email**.

- Then get the base ID of your new base. You can do this by heading over to [Airtable's API page](https://airtable.com/api) and selecting that base from the list, you should see:

  > The ID of this base is BASE_ID

- Make sure to copy the base ID and your [API key](https://support.airtable.com/hc/en-us/articles/219046777-How-do-I-get-my-API-key-) into the .env

- Install all dependancies:

```
npm install asyncairtable
```

Then you should be good to get to work!👍

To verify everything is working, just run 'npm test' and as long as nothing fails you're set. ✅

## Usage

```javascript
const AsyncAirtable = require('async-airtable');
const asyncAirtable = new AsyncAirtable(API_KEY, BASE_ID);

asyncAirtable.select(TABLE_NAME, { ...OPTS }, PAGE_NUM);
asyncAirtable.find(TABLE_NAME, RECORD_ID);
asyncAirtable.createRecord(TABLE_NAME, { ...FIELDS });
asyncAirtable.updateRecord(TABLE_NAME, { RECORD_ID, ...FIELDS });
asyncAirtable.deleteRecord(TABLE_NAME, RECORD_ID);
asyncAirtable.bulkCreate(TABLE_NAME, [
  { ...FIELDS },
  { ...FIELDS },
  { ...FIELDS },
]);
asyncAirtable.bulkUpdate(TABLE_NAME, [
  { RECORD_ID, ...FIELDS },
  { RECORD_ID, ...FIELDS },
]);
asyncAirtable.bulkDelete(TABLE_NAME, [
  RECORD_ID,
  RECORD_ID,
  RECORD_ID,
  RECORD_ID,
]);
```

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
